[Speaker Not Visually Identified]Okay.
So, now let us discuss, Disaster Recovery Strategies.
In the exam, we'll just ask you.
Hey, which one is the cheapest.
So the cheapest is backup and restore,
but I want to give you more information, obviously.
So backup and restore is when your data is backed up into
the cloud. And then in case of a disaster,
you're going to restore it somewhere else.
And you can get back your application this way.
So, because the data is just being backed up
and your application is not running.
It will be only running when you restore it into
whatever place you want.
Then the cost is very, very minimum.
Because you're just backing up data over time.
This is it why the backup and restore
disaster recovery strategy is the cheapest.
Next we have pilot lights.
Pilot Light is saying that, hey,
we have the cloud and we're going to run the core functions
of the app. For example, just the database.
We have just a database in the cloud and it's ready to
scale, but it has a minimal setup.
So, the database is here, but it's not fully scaled.
And we don't have our application servers.
We just have a pilot lights.
And this is just, you say
with the minimal critical functions of the app are
up in the cloud, at a minimal setup.
So it's a little bit more expensive than backup and restore.
And if you needed to do a disaster recovery strategy,
then you need to obviously upgraded database type,
and start your application servers.
But at least you core functions of the app
is ready to be here.
Next we have warm standby.
And warm standby is going to be more expensive.
So here we have the full version of the app ready in the
cloud, but at minimum size.
And so if we need to do a disaster recovery strategy,
we just need to increase the size of the app
and we're good to go.
As we see, the cost is a bit higher for this.
And then finally we have multi-site hot sites,
and this is where we have the full version of the app
at full size, ready to be used no matter what.
And so this has the maximum amount of costs because well,
you have a department that's ready to use in case of
disaster is right away.
So this is what you need to know.
And again, just remember the which one's the cheapest,
which one is the most expensive and why,
but again,
at a high level, the examiner will just say,
hey, what's the cheapest one.
And it's going to be backup and restore obviously.
Okay.
So in the cloud, we can also do this to recovery,
It is multi-region.
So say we have our instance in us-east-one,
and there's a disaster that strikes us-east-one.
Then we can fill over all our traffic into another region.
For example, eu-west-two using route 53.
This could be a very possible setup.
So let's say for this to recovery,
definitely more in depth to know for
the disaster recovery strategies course,
but for the CCP level,
you have all you need.
That's it.
I will see you in the next lecture.